.TH "lib/ Directory Reference" 3 "14 Sep 2011" "Version 0.4.1" "Content-Centric Networking in C" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
lib/ Directory Reference \- 
.SS "Files"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBbasicparsetest.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA CCNx test program. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_bloom.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for Bloom filters. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_buf_decoder.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for Interest and ContentObject decoding. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_buf_encoder.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for constructing various ccnb-encoded objects. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_bulkdata.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI(INCOMPLETE)Support for transport of bulk data. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_charbuf.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport expandable buffer for counted sequences of arbitrary bytes. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_client.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for ccn clients. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_coding.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for scanning and parsing ccnb-encoded data. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_digest.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for creating digests. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_dtag_table.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIDTAG table. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_extend_dict.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIRoutines for extending a dictionary such as that which represents default DTAG table. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_face_mgmt.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for parsing and creating FaceInstance elements. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_fetch.c\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_header.c\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_indexbuf.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for expandable buffer of non-negative values. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_interest.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIAccessors and mutators for parsed Interest messages. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_keystore.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for keystore access. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_match.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for the match predicate between interest and content. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_matrix.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for a sparse matrix (2-D table) of nonnegative integers. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_merkle_path_asn1.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFramework to generate implementation of ASN.1 functions to deal with Merkle paths. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_name_util.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for manipulating ccnb-encoded Names. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_reg_mgmt.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for parsing and creating ForwardingEntry elements. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_schedule.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for scheduling events. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_seqwriter.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPart of the CCNx C Library. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_setup_sockaddr_un.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIPart of the CCNx C Library. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_signing.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for signing. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_sockaddrutil.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIsockaddr utilities \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_sockcreate.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISetting up a socket from a text-based description. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_traverse.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for traversing a branch of the ccn name hierarchy. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_uri.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISupport for ccnx:/URI/. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_verifysig.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUtility to check the signature on ccnb-formatted ContentObjects. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBccn_versioning.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIVersioning support. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBencodedecodetest.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIUnit tests for CCNx C library. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBhashtb.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHash table. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBhashtbtest.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITry out some hash table calls (ccn/hashtb). \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBmatrixtest.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITry out the ccn/matrix calls. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBsignbenchtest.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA simple test program to benchmark signing performance. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBskel_decode_test.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA simple test program for exercising \fBccn_skeleton_decoder\fP. \fP"
.PP
.in +1c

.ti -1c
.RI "file \fBsmoketestclientlib.c\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISimple program for smoke-test of ccn client lib. \fP"
.PP

.in -1c
